everybody welcome back sit on the line
please
the binding of issac Eduard plus we are
doing challenges today and I always do
it on the wrong save file here suicide
King is our next one you might be saying
why not just copy that save file into
the first slot from the second slot the
answer to that question is maybe one day
we'll have the capability to get all
Jesus I forgot what this one was that
will have the ability to get a three
million percent you know to get all
three save files handled that was like
kind of an awful draw there but anyway
life goes on what we're going to do here
try to succeed on the suicide King
challenge what do we have if a cat my
reflection
mr. mega you're giving me more spiders
all Jesus so how do we work our way out
of this pretty terrible mess it's not
easy but nobody so sorry about that
mouse pointer nobody said it was easy
it'd be such a shame for us to part I
think that's how the scientist by
Coldplay goes I don't remember it's been
a while that's a different song okay I
don't also don't remember what our HP is
on this run which is arguably like
substantially more of a problem we
probably don't have item rooms our
damage is lovely
we at least got a spirit heart there the
big problem of course is just going to
be dodging our epic Akshata and there's
an easy way to get around that although
it's also somewhat unlikely and that's
to pick up pyromaniac or host head
both of which are anecdotally speaking
relatively rare I think it's fair to
suggest I would really like to stop
accidentally creating more spiders
[Music]
because I'm blowing up these freaking
pots but it's not plausible dude they
just keep common and they don't stop
coming
don't even ask what they do to the rules
okay we got HP back we've actually
handled ourselves relatively well on
this floor this may surprise you I mean
I'm not super stoked to the damage I
took there this may surprise you I'm
actually really
happy we fought Ragman I seem like close
to an ideal boss fight for us to have
here now I think it's fairly obvious
here
yes khatola would be nice actually hey I
wasn't even being facetious good soul to
make flies not aggro us it's going to
make it a little easier to kill a
variety of different enemies here anyway
our game plan is pretty simple
shoot ipecac in such a way that it
explodes on enemies without having a
chance to ever ricochet and come back to
us that's the the dream come true here
maybe it'll work maybe it won't I think
this is the one that we failed to the
gloomy wood plea to rebirth the first
time it's going to be a problem and
you're done just put this down here to
be safe and one more spirit heart for
the road oh it's a dream come true room
or as I call it ad room you know what
you lost your chance if you want to make
spiders than make spiders do but when I
get lemons from life I don't make
spiders I make spider ade the lemonade
analog made out of spiders that's
substantially cheaper and as a result
gives us a competitive advantage in the
market as compared to products that
contain real fruit so what is the apart
from just dodging our own ipecac shops I
think one of the things we could pursue
is a shot speed if we're able to get
high shot speed we might be able to
shoot straight longer before our shots
would come back and hurt us so I think
that's a sensible approach for us to
take there dessert is fine and then we
will try both of these pentagrams again
find Judas's shadow also fine
I'll be the first to tell you we
probably don't need extra damage
what is our extra life here as well I
don't I don't recall
how that works in suicide King but
anyway we're out good performance
sort of I'm happy we're alive and I'm
looking forward to making some progress
here this is the the hardest challenge
one of the hardest challenges at least
in in rebirth in my opinion so if we
fail this once twice three times the
lady it doesn't really matter you know
it's part of the part of the course to
be expected I guess is what I mean to
say there oh okay I've been playing a
little bit more Isaac today than when I
have the past week or so and I'm not
going to you know belabor the discussion
by going off on like yet another oh the
backlog is so big sort of thing I
recognize we have larvae pretty decent
but yeah that's going to hurt let's
check it out so I feel like you know
just escape here even though that
trinket is probably better I feel like
I'm in a good position to perform okay
right now like I'm primed I'm ready and
then as they say in the song willing and
able and again I don't know if that's a
that could be can con that could be a
Canadian song would not surprise me
the easiest way out now that it is
actually a surprising number of like
almost chisa both strategies here I
guess the easiest way out is probably
just to pick up like brimstone or
something anything that makes it so that
our shots either no longer explode or
they just go straight for like infinite
range so like technology would also be
really good missing that would have been
a problem
why are you is it's good told thanks you
so slow I don't think we've gotten skat
ole on our like vanilla save file yet so
we are still missing that that was
almost a genius play okay if I hadn't
shot again it might have been a genius
play anyway let's go
just focus I find I don't know if this
is true for other people because I don't
know do other people you talk to
yourself when you play video games
I'm excited seems like actual hell it
was the other one I'm drowsy okay give
me I'm drowsy for the boss fight at
least but I find when I'm focused on
doing something I oftentimes not always
but oftentimes do worse you know the big
example for me is like rhythm games so
in guitar hero or rock band if you're
playing a track if you're thinking about
playing the track I oftentimes find that
I actually play a lot worse and if I'm
not thinking about playing the track if
I'm like lost in my own world I find
that I'm kind of like absent mindedly
oftentimes doing way better than
expected and I think the same holds true
for Isaac I think when I go off on
tangents in Isaac I oftentimes find I
know I said oftentimes about a million
times there I oftentimes find myself
playing a little bit better so the jury
is now out that's not the phrase that
the time is now to find a tangent to
speak of okay I'm drowsy did not last as
long as I wanted it to but he still died
are you a wizard please don't give me
Krampus here I'm begging you oh it's not
Krampus it's two abilities to fly
that was a tough decision you normally
like the spirit of the night is 10 out
of 10 times better or it's better 10 out
of 10 times then lord of the pit however
in this situation I'm not convinced
because we might actually not want
spectral tears because we'd rather have
more fine control over when our tears
explode we also in in many runs we
probably would have wanted to take both
just to facilitate the easy Judas's
shadow I don't think that's the case on
this one though excuse me excuse me
something is not right when word you
know we have 48 damaged or 45 damaged I
guess and yet we can't kill that guy in
one hit range up actually pretty good
just going to be honest with you
you guys are getting blown up there's a
small chance I might be able to make the
demon judgment work for us so I'm going
to leave you alive for now
whereas Arnold Schwarzenegger said in
the classic film from 1985 commando I
like you Sully that's why I'm going to
kill you last and then when he kills him
he says you know when I said I was going
to kill you last and he goes yeah and he
goes I lied it's a perfect movie the
only perfect movie ever made
what about Schindler's List you know
what about Schindler's List as far as
I'm concerned that's just like Steven
Spielberg's the hottie and the Nottie
that Steven Spielberg's Norbit that
Steven Spielberg's Adventures of Pluto
Nash that Steven Spielberg's Tower Heist
that Steven Spielberg's Bowfinger okay
pump the brakes both fingers actually
really good not everything Eddie Murphy
has done since the year 2000 is trash
yeah what about the Nutty Professor the
Nutty Professor sorry to tell you it's
not good I don't I don't want to be the
bearer of bad news you've made me be the
bearer of bad news here
I saw Nutty Professor to the Klumps in
theaters got lots of fond memories of
that movie I like when the lady says
Hercules Hercules it's just not great
though okay we're still alive we got a
spirit all right let's get that party
started on a Saturday night there's
something to be said for a remote
detonator I may buy it just because Oh
what's uh okay I may buy it just because
we get five bombs out of it but let's
see if we get a deal with the devil here
and like what our decision-making
process will look like as a result your
poison to death I'm sorry to tell you
you've been poison to death
no you're dead I know that was a man
well thought though grab this okay we
gotta beat the Cathedral so there's like
a lot of there's a lot of game left
unfortunately grab this I think we stick
with Bob's rotten head even though it
might actually do less damage that was
an amnesia pill in there and weird you
know keep on rocking in the free world
due to due to trying to see maybe it's
really hard for me to look for a secret
room because our shots no longer explode
on the walls case in point I don't see
why it wouldn't be here get back out oh
so other things that are like 10 out of
10 at this point if we could get nine
lives I would be very happy because I
mean how many times do you think we have
to hit eyes if you kill them at this
point
under 10 or somewhere in that vicinity
at least so I think it's very
conceivable to suggest that we could
over the course of many lives beat Isaac
with one HP we have to get to Isaac
first of course you can't forget about
that the other thing is it would be nice
to have a little bit more speed makes it
easier to kind of like dodge it looks
like Kerbal space program right we can
dodge around our shops a little bit more
effectively as a product of our speed
parameter scoot ole is actually I
wouldn't say it's the unsung hero this
run because I've reserved that for like
things that actually have a pretty
market impact on the run but Scott ol is
way better than I ever would have
expected it to be just neutralizing
those annoying flies is like eight out
of ten usefulness
stop I have to hit you with this
like it was pardon me
that was bad
you will never get this how can you both
be so close to death it just does it you
didn't even have a health bar there
that's cheating speed plus range exactly
what we were looking for another amnesia
pill we're going to do this world a
favor and be that the pill garbage can
we probably shouldn't have done that
because you could have look for a shot
but I'm out I'm out dude this isn't
about rushing every room carries with it
an inherent cost and the cost is
directly proportional to the likelihood
that we damage ourselves what we're
trying to do is race against time here
and honestly like every I it's not that
bad we got a big speed upgrade so it's
not that bad every item we get is a
golden gift so I'm probably going to try
to use the Hermit to get out of boss
rush i think that strikes me as the most
sensible approach to our relatively
complicated situation right now that
worked
i'm almost like mad at myself that that
work this thing's going to be it was
difficulty this is our mom floor it's
funny oh there's a tinted rocker I
almost missed it's funny but I almost
feel like this is not as difficult as it
was the first time I did it and all we
actually didn't need to waste our bomb
there I'm wondering if it's because over
the course of the last like two or three
years I have willfully created this my
reflection epic egg situation for myself
over and over and as a result I'm like
used to it at this point
it's not my natural resting state but
it's not as bad as it could be I mean
what do we what do we care about here
we'll grab piggy bank because we can
arrange ups not bad and then I think
we're just out possibly second secret
room
literal second secret room
oh I'm drowsy range up I think we're
still good on the range ups and our pill
is the hermit's we need the Hermit for
now and then we'll take I'm drowsy maybe
then the mom's heart might be an
acceptable approach there good good good
like I think it's smart to aim to just
barely miss that way the shot might
catch the the walls on the on the way
back and is more likely to miss on that
was like 10 out of 10
I'm 0% mad I would love to ditch Bob's
rod and head for Krampus --is non Rawdon
head Krampus is regular old head thank
you thank you for not teleporting me as
well and then you can't go Loki's horns
here which is why I'm going to go Loki's
horns here it's such a stupid decision
that it would be idiotic for me not to
do it because I have the chance to shoot
for the swing for the fences and even if
I miss you know land amongst the stars
here so what's the problem with this
well the problem with this is that every
now and then I get a little bit lonely
cuz you never coming round that's what
we're worried about once every few shots
we're going to accidentally fire four
shots and those are going to be very
tough to dodge because they're all going
to approach me from different sides so
it's going to really force me to stay
stay alert and stay safe here turn
around bright eyes but don't you dare
walk backwards cuz you're down around
right okay what makes you small might
pay dividends here okay
curse of the maze
we beat Loki's horns on that one I was
extremely close I was going to open
those chests which is why I walked back
into that room but maybe I'm going to
take this as a sign for now I feel in
control of this run blister is actually
kind of horrible I don't know if it
would be that bad with 45 damage if
attacked but I also think it would
provide us with nothing
oh one holy mantle per floor it's a
dream come true I could still see us
losing this run but I'm increasingly
pleased with the way it looks right now
and unlike unlike some of the runs
there's our holy mantle youthful still
unlike some of our challenge runs this
one has not been achieved this one is
like an absolutely liked by the textbook
approach to this except you probably in
most situations would not take Loki's
horns I'll give you that one no tinted
rock on a room with this many rocks I
don't call them tinted rocks anymore
either they're their huge stones stones
of an alternative pin okay thanks for
the two bombs that's very nice when we
got our spirit heart back for our
earlier miss play and then just dust
momma Gertie as easily as possible
you're dead we got a deal with the devil
and a big speed upgrade and a deal with
the devil is not quite copy but we need
to take Guppies head that's fine
guffy said is better than Krampus a said
in the situation getting three flies per
room that can do 90 damage each is
disgust or not 90 I guess they do all
that is they do 45 plus all they do 45
times 1.5 that's really it's been a
while since I had to care about that a
camera can't recall specifically look at
congressman on trial I cannot recall
let's move on the wound to for flies of
this magnitude can do a lot of damage my
dudes retro vision is irrelevance these
are not though so we already had Bob's
curse to start no we had mr. mega to
start that's correct another spirit
heart holy Mantle's gone that's
completely my bad remember we do have a
dark judas respond oh I don't know what
happened we got a bob transformation
somewhere in the middle there I thought
we would have died from getting hit
there but apparently not so lucky us
what is our other like we have a first
life here that's what I'm trying to
reconcile that by myself confused
dude the Bob transformation is so rare
anytime we like get a Loki's horn shot
if the option is open to us just bail
like get out of the room as soon as you
can run away from the Loki literally
it's not the note Bay Bay from run away
okay uh it's not I mean is more useful
immediately less useful long-term
crystal ball love a spear at heart we
didn't get a spirit out we have stars
card is fine but now we're looking for
so these guys are just going to get porn
like a Natalie Imbruglia Jam and it is a
jam
not quite banger status but blast from
the past no doubt tinted rock that's a
big one that's pretty bad we're
basically like living and dying based on
the strength of our tinted rocks right
now based on the fact that we're finding
tinted rocks which essentially means
that our survival is entirely a product
none of our luck set but of our like
mercurial you know luck set IRL so I'm
that shouldn't make you very confident
about our chances yet at the same time
here we are still rocking in the free
world
good work so we could go into the self
sacrifice or the curse room but if we go
into there we would need to get
something to take us out or we're dusted
what an interesting conundrum we find
ourselves facing it nevermind it's just
a single trinket we also have a star's
card instead of the I'm drowsy pill so I
must have left
I'm drowsy on the previous floor you
might be irritated by the way by the
fact that I don't use epic act to blow
open the secret rooms it's because it's
honestly super difficult and also as a
result dangerous to get the ipecac shot
to actually blow up on the door it
refuses to play nice so we got to be a
little bit more cautious now l1 is not
it that's already it this should be a
second secret room here then
I would rather fire as little as
possible by the way but in the end we
got a kind of nut up we're gonna have to
shoot sometimes this is a problem that's
fine so our first respawn was last okay
which I probably should have realized
you start with I tried so hard to dodge
that that was like there was a a
maelstrom now I don't buy it
oK we've still got jock dudas here but
we also have a possible second secret
room nice range up again I still think
that's okay and I don't mind this
actually we got a spear at hard we got
some more flies a lock-up would make it
more worthwhile but sure okay so we're
doing 50 damage we I guess we don't get
a second damage multiplier a little bit
of a bummer but you know you're doing
your part here
we got hit once and that's completely
okay get the heck out of town so we want
to fight Isaac as soon as possible but
it wouldn't be the worst thing to find
some tinted rocks along the way so let's
going to check out these rooms and if we
ever feel afraid like that we're going
to teleport and I dude
that was actually I was inside of the
devil's beam so I consider myself
extremely lucky to have not taken damage
there another plausible wind condition
is honestly bombs we don't have many but
all that was so dumb a combination of
bombs and and and flies could get the
job done
spirit hearts please that's not a spirit
heart I hate this
take me out real problems good stuff
dude that was like my like spinal cord
took over function for me there no I'm
mad so I mean it is my own fault
I took Loki's horns I shouldn't have
taken Loki's horns but it was fun well
on our second pass we'll go through
these and you know do it the
old-fashioned way probably unless I
forget which is also plausible but for
now thanks for indulging me if you
enjoyed the episode click the like
button now set a great deal of course
subscribe if you wanna see more in the
future but for now thanks for watching
and I'll see you next time